`main.py` provides code to evaluate the actions of an agent given a specific grid environment.

`data/grids` directory contains all the grid instances. Each `jsonl` file contains 100 grid instances. The name of each file indicates the specification of the grid instances in the file. `inner` and `outer` denote which agent starting position configuration the grid used. `random`, `updown`, `leftright`, `cluster`, and `spiral` indicate which energy distribution was used to generate the grid instances. `leftright` means horizontally-skewed distribution and `updown` means vertically-skewed distribution. `free` and `block` indicate if there is any obstacle in the grid instances, with `free` indicating no block. 

Each row of the `jsonl` file contains one JSON object, with the following keys: `index`, `energy`, `energy_probability`, `obstacle`, `start_position`, `grid`, `start`. The `energy_probability` indicates the distribution-dependent probability used to generate the grid instance. `start` indicates the agent starting position in `(x, y)` coordinates.

`data/results` directory contains the action answers for both the two baseline agents and the two LLM-based agents. Each file in both `data/results/greedy_results` and `data/results/random_results` directories corresponds with the file in the `data/grids` directory with the same name. 

Each row of the `jsonl` file in both `data/results/greedy_results` and `data/results/random_results` contains one JSON object, with the following keys: `baseline`, `index`, `answer`, `movement_prompt`, `energy_limit_prompt`, `cost_of_step_prompt`. The `index` indicates which grid environment is used, which is the grid environment with the same index number in the corresponding file in the `data/grids` directory. `answer` contains the list of actions that the agent produced. `movement_prompt` indicates which movement-related action set the agent is allowed when being evaluated, with `4` indicating the μ <sub>1</sub> set and `8` indicating the μ <sub>2</sub> set. `energy_limit_prompt` indicates the limit on the amount of energy that the agent is allowed to carry when being evaluated, with `100` indicating no limit and `2` indicating a limit of 2 units of energy. `cost_of_step_prompt` indicates the energy cost per step the agent is subjected to when being evaluated. 

`data/results/batch_gpt4o_output.jsonl` contains the responses from GPT-4o and `data/results/batch_gpt35_output.jsonl` contains the responses from GPT-3.5-Turbo. Each row in both files is a JSON object with the following keys: `id`, `custom_id`, `response`, `error`. The `id` is from the OpenAI. `custom_id` indicates which grid environment is used and what agent constraints the agent is subjected to when being evaluated. The id comprises elements concatenated by `-` in the following order: `fileName`, `index`, `movement_prompt`, `energy_limit_prompt`, `cost_of_step_prompt`. The `fileName` is the name of the file in the `data/grids` directory. The `index` indicates which grid environment is used, which is the grid environment with the same index number in the `fileName`. `movement_prompt` indicates which movement-related action set the agent is allowed when being evaluated, with `0` indicating the μ <sub>1</sub> set and `1` indicating the μ <sub>2</sub> set. `energy_limit_prompt` indicates the limit on the amount of energy that the agent is allowed to carry when being evaluated, with `0` indicating no limit and `1` indicating a limit of 2 units of energy. `cost_of_step_prompt` indicates the energy cost per step the agent is subjected to when being evaluated, with `0` indicating no cost and `1` indicating a cost of 0.3 units of energy per step `response` contains the full response from the API. `error` indicates if there is any error. Similarly, `data/results/gpt_o1_mini_output.jsonl` contains the responses from GPT-o1-mini.

`data/batch_gpt4o.jsonl` and `data/batch_gpt35.jsonl` contain the batched API requests for GPT-4o and GPT-3.5-Turbo, respectively. `data/gpt_o1_mini.jsonl` contain the API requests for GPT-o1-mini.

